hello my name is Raekwon and I'm going
to tell you the story of once upon a
time there was two little boys named
Ephesus and Fanta they were racing along
a cliff and I don't know where that
person ahead and won the race
yes Ephesus loses the race and yells at
Farah
Ephesus and bad times start you think
you all that but I'm the son of Zeus
well I'm the son Paolo and I ride the
century with him every project officials
dare respect to ride the Sun cherry
around his house three times if you ride
with your dad every day they ride around
my house three times
okay then I'll prove it beta goes to
Olympus to write their son Terry around
the house three times
Bethan get surrounded by three high fees
don't happy I don't know where for birds
carrying him to a lippies on the way he
wakes up in Olympus
he actually father Apollo can he ride
the centre of power can I ride to search
area all by myself
his father said yes because he made a
godly promise yes my son you may he gets
on so Gerry he slows down to ride around
the house three times I think I'm just
gonna take a peek down because I was so
hot the town catches on fire he noticed
the Taos catching on fire he pulls up
whoa oh let me go Bangka when he goes up
the town starts getting cold and
flooding Oh what if I do
Zeus notice all the disaster that bad
Don has cost
what's all this disaster down there
Suzette Bethan off the chariot what is
slidin about
he falls out of the sky into the river
his mother and his sister notice that
some I fell in the river and it was fair
no they started bursting out crying
didn't know what to do nobody can know
Zeus turned his mother and his daughter
into a large tree every since then only
a power and nobody else to ride the
sanctuary I miss my son fight on the in
thank you